Welcome to the next section of this course.
We have reached a major milestone.
So far.
We have been working towards building core selenium web driver skills, and we're now in a position
to start learning about framework, tools and techniques.
Our journey so far has covered some of the following topics.
These are all topics that are key to gaining a core Selenium Web driver skill set.
We then use these topics as we start building our frameworks.
The journey ahead consists of the following.
So we have achieved learning course, linear web driver skills, and now we're going to learn about
framework, tools and techniques.
And these are tools and techniques that are used to create a framework for which we learn in phases.
Then we're going to combine our core skills and our framework tools and technique knowledge to start
building native projects.
So for example, towards the end of this course, I teach you about cucumber BDD, and then we integrate
cucumber BDD into our Third Life project.
Framework tools and techniques.
So we'll be covering a number of different modules to gain knowledge of the tools and techniques that
are used to create automation frameworks.
Each twin technique will have its own dedicated section and will go over each tone technique in detail
with examples.
And once completed, we move on to the next module.
Once we reach a checkpoint, we'll create a framework using what we have learned so far.
Who then continued to learn additional framework tools and techniques and repeat the cycle.
So framework end to end test, then once we've reached a major checkpoint.
Q In the framework tools and techniques section, we then start creating an end to end framework.
This framework will combine our core skills and new framework tools and technique knowledge.
Once complete, it would then look at the next set of framework tools and techniques and repeat the
cycle.
Gradually will widen our knowledge and have a wide array of skills that will cover various scenarios.
So I hope this has made it clear what's ahead.
And let's continue with this journey.